In the previous lecture, we have started testing
our order BOimpl class by
using the mockito API we have mocked out
the orderDAO by using the @moc
annotation from the mockito API we have
set up the init mocks inside the junit
setup method by marking it with @Before and
also we have set up the expectations by
using the static methods when and then
returned from the mockitos mockito class.
Now in this lecture we will assert
the results and we verify whether the
methods on this mocketout objects are
really getting called because when we call
the DOs place order method the DAOs
create order method should be called
and we have mocked out this result to
return 1 so we should get a true value
back from our BO let's first
call
let me add some lines at the end so that
you can see clearly lets call
BO.placeorder will pass in the order
object which we have already created and
we are using that order object and we
set the expectations as well control 1
we're not testing this for exceptions so
let's add a throws class in here we are
testing a positive senario in here assign
this to a local variable and call it
result will use the assert true from the
junit assert statements static assert
statements
result so we are asserting
that the result is true now to run this test
now to run this test go to display button here run as the
junit tests so we are all good
our test is green that means our mocks
are working beautifully
now let's verify that our mocked out  method
is really getting called it is otherwise
our test would have failed but let's make
sure it is getting called
let's use the verify method available
again on the mockito class this is a static
method verify DAO.create
order order
by default this method verifies that the
method that we are asking you to verify
is called once right click on the class
go to run as junit test there we go its all
green that means the create method on the
DAO is indeed getting called when we are
calling the BO.placeorder so we
have successfully demonstrated how to use
mocking in unit testing we have
first stubbedout the class or the
dependency then we have setup the
expectations and then we have verified
the results as well, this verify call can
be used for multiple times by default it
verifies if its single time but it
can use for multiple times
I'll show that in lectures later on.